DI-1308: Scrapping data for local tests (#10)
jampp/data-docker-images: minio/README.md

By default, MinIO's buckets and data are stored in [data-docker-images/data/minio/data](../data/minio/data).
Adding files to the buckets in that folder will immediatelly make them available inside the container.

Data will persist in the volumes through different executions of the container, so you'll need to delete the folders between runs if you don't want that to happen.

## Downloading S3 data

> Data can be downloaded and inserted manually through through the [MinIO client](https://hub.docker.com/r/minio/mc) and AWS CLI.
> 
> If the purpose of local MinIO is replicating production structure, this project has a automation for downloading s3 data and insert into local buckets. This Docker service is called `downloading_s3_data`, which uses the [script](./download_s3_data/download_s3_data.sh) and [txt file](./download_s3_data/file_paths.txt) found in this folder.
> 
> Overriding the [file_paths.txt](./download_s3_data/file_paths.txt) file in your `docker-compose.override.yml` with your own file_paths, the service will automatically reproduce them locally when `docker-compose up` is run.

Reviewer: I think this is a little more simple and broad:
```suggestion
For automating MinIO's population with data, you can use the `download_s3_data` service, which will download files from the paths specified in [this file](./download_s3_data/file_paths.txt) and insert them into MinIO.
```
